README.markdown, before:

# OpenURI with Memcached caching

Carelessly make heavy OpenURI calls as many times as you like with local
memcached picking up the slack and stopping people from sending you hate mail.

Require the library using 

    require 'openuri/memcached'
  
To get started run your memcached server
  
    $ memcached -d 

The default address that this gem will terminate against is localhost:11211, you can change this using
  
    OpenURI::Cache.host = ['10.1.1.10:11211', '10.1.1.11:11211']

The cache defaults to 15 minutes, however this can be changed using:

    OpenURI::Cache.expiry = 60 * 10 # Ten long minutes
  
### Execution
Use exactly the same as you would openuri, only.. enable it.

    require 'openuri/memcached'
    OpenURI::Cache.enable!
    # Slow as a wet week
    open("http://germanforblack.com").read 
  
Quit your app (leave memcached running) and run the same example, it 
should now happen in less then ... some time that is really fast.

Questions and comments can be directed to ben at germanforblack.com

### Requirements

* Ruby 1.8.6
* MemCached 
* memcache (gem)
  * You will need to ensure that you have [corresponding version](http://blog.evanweaver.com/files/doc/fauna/memcached/files/COMPATIBILITY.html) of libmemcached to the memcached gem installed for installation to go by breezy

Commit message:

Updated README to include additions of Rails caching

README.markdown, after:

# OpenURI with caching

Carelessly make OpenURI requests without getting hate mail.

## Running with MemCached

Require the library

    require 'openuri/memcached'
  
Start memcached server
  
    ben@Spinners ~/ Ϟ memcached -d

Set your memcached host/s (defaults to 127.0.0.1:11211)
  
    OpenURI::Cache.host = ['10.1.1.10:11211', '10.1.1.11:11211']

The default expiry is 15 minutes, this can be changed using the `expiry` method
    
    # Ten long minutes
    OpenURI::Cache.expiry = 600
    
## Running using Rails cache

You can also cache your OpenURI calls using Rails cache. 
require the library using `require openuri/rails-cache`
  
### Execution
Use exactly the same as you would OpenURI, only.. enable it.

    OpenURI::Cache.enable!
    # As slow a wet week
    open("http://ab-c.com.au").read 
  
Quit your app (leave memcached running) and re-run the same request, It will come from cache.

### Requirements

* Ruby
* MemCached 
* memcache (gem)
  * You will need to ensure that you have [corresponding version](http://blog.evanweaver.com/files/doc/fauna/memcached/files/COMPATIBILITY.html) of libmemcached to the memcached gem installed for installation to go by breezy

### Contributors

* [Ben Askins](http://github.com/benaskins)
* [Rick Olson](http://github.com/technoweenie)
